[globcfg]
base_address = 0
data_width = 8
address_width = 8
register_reset = async_neg
address_increment = none
address_alignment = data_width
force_name_case = none
regmap_path = Uchip_regmap0.yaml

[sv_module]
path = hw/Uchip_regmap0.sv
read_filler = 0
interface = lb
generator = SystemVerilog

[spi2lb_module]
path = hw/spi2lb_bridge.sv
bridge_type = spi
generator = LbBridgeSystemVerilog

[sv_header]
path = hw/Uchip_regmap0.svh
prefix = 
generator = SystemVerilogHeader

[sv_pkg]
path = hw/Uchip_regmap0_pkg.sv
prefix = 
generator = SystemVerilogPackage

[py]
path = sw/Uchip_regmap0.py
generator = Python

[c_header]
path = sw/Uchip_regmap0.h
prefix = 
generator = CHeader

[md_doc]
path = doc/Uchip_regmap0.md
title = Register map
print_images = True
image_dir = md_img
print_conventions = True
generator = Markdown

[asciidoc_doc]
path = doc/Uchip_regmap0.adoc
title = Register map
print_images = True
image_dir = adoc_img
print_conventions = True
generator = Asciidoc

[docx_doc]
path = doc/Uchip_regmap0.docx
input_md = Uchip_regmap0.md
pandoc_args = --lua-filter=pagebreak.lua --reference-doc=ref.docx
generator = Docx

[xls_yaml]
path = Uchip_regmap0.yaml
input_xls = Uchip_regmap0.xlsx
generator = Xls2Yaml